Update "What's New?" for BMG ships (#1540)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: docs/whats-new.mdx

## August 2025

> - 2025-08-01 - [ngrok Docker Desktop Extension](https://ngrok.com/blog-post/docker-desktop-extension) released to GA ([install link](https://open.docker.com/extensions/marketplace?extensionId=ngrok/ngrok-docker-extension)).

Author: ```suggestion
- 2025-08-08 - [ngrok Docker Desktop Extension](https://ngrok.com/blog-post/docker-desktop-extension) released to GA ([install link](https://open.docker.com/extensions/marketplace?extensionId=ngrok/ngrok-docker-extension)). The extension provides a GUI to make locally running containers publicly accessible, helping you quickly test or share prototypes, APIs, and web applications.
```
